Don't panic, dad, I was wrong, I was wrong, I was wrong, mom
Mr. Shen, you have a lot of money.
Please forgive me.
Forgive you, you didn't treat me like that just now
Apologize to me now.
Take out the gesture you just made
Let's go
I came to see your boyfriend
Sorry, sorry.
Passed brother-in-law
You won't.
Really let other people's father kill his own son?
That's too cruel.
Besides, they didn't do anything to us
Mr. Ye, this is all a misunderstanding
Can't hit anything
Don't
No no no
Don't thank Mr. Shen
There will be demolition later.
I am I am whatever I want
Master Li
It's getting late.
Let's go. OK.
Xiaoying
Don't tell anyone what happened just now
Brother-in-law still has things to do
Don't worry, brother-in-law, I will be tight-lipped.
Sir, what do you need?
Hello, Miss.
I'll ask you to come in with me when there's time inside.